# General Dynamic Array

Allocated dynamic array for C that is element-type independent.
This is accomplished by use of macros to generate type-specific methods.

It is implemented as a single header file.

## Fields

The `da_t` type contains the following fields:

- `len`: length of used memory array
- `cap`: capacity, or size, of entire allocated memory array.
- `elem_sz`: size of array element.
- `data`: void pointer to memory array.

The initially-allocated capacity is *one times* the initial user-specified length.
After running out of capacity, a new array of *twice* the current capacity is allocated
and all the elements are copied over.

## Methods

- `get`: get element at i-th position
	- params: `(array_ptr, index)`
- `fst`: get first element
	- params: `(array_ptr)`
- `last`: get last element
	- params: `(array_ptr)`
- `push`: Add element to end (at position length; `arr.len`)
	- params: `(array_ptr, added_elem)`
- `put`: replace element at i-th position
	- params: `(array_ptr, index, added_elem)`
- `ins`: insert element at i-th position, moves elements accordingly
	- params: `(array_ptr, index, added_elem)`
- `pop`: remove last element
	- params: `(array_ptr)`
- `del`: delete element at i-th position, moves elements accordingly
	- params: `(array_ptr, index)`

## Usage

Initialise a new array.

```
const size_t initial_length = 10;
da_t arr = da_new(initial_length, sizeof(float));
...
da_terminate(&arr);
```

Before using the array methods, they must be generated by the special macro
`dyn_arr_methods_for_type(method_suffix, method_type)`. For instance,

```
dyn_arr_methods_for_type(f, float)
...
da_push_f(&arr, (float)added_elem);
da_ins_f(&arr, index, (float)added_elem);
float elem = da_get_f(&arr, index);
```
